New evaluators config (#722)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/evaluation/how_to_guides/create_few_shot_evaluators.mdx

sidebar_position: 10
---

# How to improve your evaluator with few-shot examples

> Using LLM-as-a-Judge evaluators can be very helpful when you can't evaluate your system programmatically. However, iterating on these prompts adds overhead to the development process of an LLM-based application - you now need to maintain both your application **and** your evaluators. To make this process easier, LangSmith provides the ability to improve the alignment of LLM-as-a-judge evaluator to human preferences using [human corrections](/evaluation/how_to_guides/create_few_shot_evaluators#make-corrections).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using LLM-as-a-judge evaluators can be very helpful when you can't evaluate your system programmatically. However, LLM-as-a-judge evaluators require their own prompts, and iterating on these prompts adds overhead to the development process. You now need to prompt engineer both your application **and** your evaluators. To make this easier, 
LangSmith helps you align LLM-as-a-judge evaluators to human preferences by turning [human corrections](/evaluation/how_to_guides/create_few_shot_evaluators#make-corrections) into few-shot examples for your evaluator.
```

> This guide covers how to apply corrections to feedback scores to enable few-shot examples. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers how to apply corrections to LLM-as-judge feedback scores and how to enable few-shot examples based on those corrections.
```

## Create your evaluator

> Before learning how to apply corrections, [set up your LLM-as-a-judge evaluator to use corrections](/evaluation/how_to_guides/llm_as_judge). 

Reviewer: feels like the explanation for this should be in this guide. adding corrections is the easy part of "how to set up few shot evaluators". the key is the setting up

sidebar_position: 10
---

# How to improve your evaluator with few-shot examples

> Using LLM-as-a-judge evaluators can be very helpful when you can't evaluate your system programmatically. However, iterating on these prompts adds overhead to the development process of an LLM-based application - you now need to maintain both your application **and** your evaluators. To make this process easier, LangSmith provides the ability to improve the alignment of LLM-as-a-judge evaluator to human preferences using [human corrections](/evaluation/how_to_guides/create_few_shot_evaluators#make-corrections).

Reviewer 2: I am confused how few-shotting addresses this problem? I guess you could care less about the prompt, but you still need to manage the evaluator? I feel like few-shotting dresses the problem that your evaluators are out of line with human feedback?

This guide covers how to set up few-shot examples as part of your LLM-as-a-judge evaluator and apply corrections to feedback scores.

## How few-shot examples work

- Few shot examples are automatically inserted into your main prompt using the `{{Few-shot examples}}`  variable
- Creating an evaluator with few-shot examples, will automatically create a dataset for you, which will be auto-populated with few-shot examples once you start making corrections
- At runtime, these examples will inserted into the evaluator to serve as a guide for its outputs - this will help the evaluator to better align with human preferences

## Configure your evaluator

:::note

> Few-shot examples is only supported when using prompts with mustache formatting. You will not be able to click this option if your prompt uses f-string formatting. Few-shot examples are not currently supported in LLM-as-a-judge evaluators that use the prompt hub.

Reviewer 2: minor nit: feel like we could just say "Few-shot examples are only supported when using non-prompt hub prompts with mustache formatting"
